README.md, before:

# Locus Game Engine
<p align="center">
  <img src="./Resources/Branding/Logo/LocusLogoWithName.png" alt="Locus Logo" width="500"/> <br>
  <a style="font-size: 1.5em" href="https://locusengine.com">Website & Documentation</a>
</p>

Locus is an open-source, lightweight, general-purpose game engine for Windows.

## Progress
Locus is still in early stages of development. Progress for Locus can be followed [here](https://trello.com/b/NNDPkCjF/locus-kanban).

## Features for Locus 2D
- Integrated editor
- C# scripting
- 2D physics system
- Sprite rendering
- Circle rendering
- UI rendering (WIP)
- Spritesheets (WIP)
- Skeletal animations (WIP)
- 2D particle system (WIP)
- Audio system (WIP)

## Locus Editor
<p>
  <img src="./Resources/Branding/DemoScene.png" alt="Locus Editor" width="800"/>
</p>

## How to Build

#### Requirements
- Windows OS
- OpenGL 4.5 supported hardware
- Visual Studio 2022
- Python 3
- .NET SDK

#### 1. Downloading source code
- Run `git clone --recursive https://github.com/kyenel64/Locus-Engine` in the command prompt. Remember to include `--recursive` as Locus uses submodules.

#### 2. Run Scripts/Setup.bat
- Run Scripts/Setup.bat to install premake and generate a Visual Studio solution.
- IMPORTANT: Make sure 'Shader Toolchain Debug Symbols - 64-bit' is selected if the Vulkan pop-up opens.

#### 3. Build using Visual Studio
- Open Locus.sln
- Build solution. (Locus-Editor should be selected as the startup project).

#### 3.1 (Temp) Build SandboxProject
- Before running Locus, you need to build the "SandboxProject" in the "Locus-Editor" directory. Locus does not have a proper project system setup yet so this is a temporary solution.
- Run Locus-Editor/SandboxProject/Setup.bat.
- Open and build Locus-Editor/SandboxProject/Sandbox.sln.

#### 4. Running the engine editor
- The .exe file will be generated in bin/(Config)-windows-x86_64/Locus-Editor

## Dependencies
- [GLFW](https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
- [Glad](https://github.com/Dav1dde/glad)
- [premake](https://github.com/premake/premake-core)
- [VulkanSDK](https://www.vulkan.org/)
- [ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui)
- [Entt](https://github.com/skypjack/entt)
- [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/box2d)
- [glm](https://github.com/g-truc/glm)
- [ImGuizmo](https://github.com/CedricGuillemet/ImGuizmo)
- [mono](https://www.mono-project.com/)
- [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)
- [stb_image](https://github.com/nothings/stb)
- [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp)

Commit message:

User now needs to import sampleproject in launcher + moved sample project to solution directory

README.md, after:

# Locus Game Engine
<p align="center">
  <img src="./Resources/Branding/Logo/LocusLogoWithName.png" alt="Locus Logo" width="500"/> <br>
  <a style="font-size: 1.5em" href="https://locusengine.com">Website & Documentation</a>
</p>

Locus is an open-source, lightweight, general-purpose game engine for Windows.

## Progress
Locus is still in early stages of development. Progress for Locus can be followed [here](https://trello.com/b/NNDPkCjF/locus-kanban).

## Features for Locus 2D
- Integrated editor
- C# scripting
- 2D physics system
- Sprite rendering
- Circle rendering
- UI rendering (WIP)
- Spritesheets (WIP)
- Skeletal animations (WIP)
- 2D particle system (WIP)
- Audio system (WIP)

## Locus Editor
<p>
  <img src="./Resources/Branding/DemoScene.png" alt="Locus Editor" width="800"/>
</p>

## How to Build

#### Requirements
- Windows OS
- OpenGL 4.5 supported hardware
- Visual Studio 2022
- Python 3
- .NET SDK

#### 1. Downloading source code
- Run `git clone --recursive https://github.com/kyenel64/Locus-Engine` in the command prompt. Remember to include `--recursive` as Locus uses submodules.

#### 2. Run Scripts/Setup.bat
- Run Scripts/Setup.bat to install premake and generate a Visual Studio solution.
- IMPORTANT: Make sure 'Shader Toolchain Debug Symbols - 64-bit' is selected if the Vulkan pop-up opens.

#### 3. Build using Visual Studio
- Open Locus.sln
- Build solution. (Locus-Editor should be selected as the startup project).

#### 4. Running the engine editor
- The .exe file will be generated in bin/(Config)-windows-x86_64/Locus-Editor

#### Sample Project
- If you would like to run the sample project, import it through the Locus Launcher.

## Dependencies
- [GLFW](https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
- [Glad](https://github.com/Dav1dde/glad)
- [premake](https://github.com/premake/premake-core)
- [VulkanSDK](https://www.vulkan.org/)
- [ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui)
- [Entt](https://github.com/skypjack/entt)
- [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/box2d)
- [glm](https://github.com/g-truc/glm)
- [ImGuizmo](https://github.com/CedricGuillemet/ImGuizmo)
- [mono](https://www.mono-project.com/)
- [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)
- [stb_image](https://github.com/nothings/stb)
- [yaml-cpp](https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp)
